LIBRA TRAITS

Strengths: Cooperative,diplomatic, gracious, fair-minded, social

Weaknesses: Indecisive, avoids confrontations, will carry a grudge, self-pity

Libra likes: Harmony, gentleness, sharing with others, the outdoors

Libra dislikes: Violence, injustice, loudmouths, conformity

People born under the sign of Libra are peaceful, fair, and they hate being alone. 
Partnership is very important for them, as their mirror and someone giving them the 
ability to be the mirror themselves. These individuals are fascinated by balance and 
symmetry, they are in a constant chase for justice and equality, realizing through 
life that the only thing that should be truly important to themselves in their own 
inner core of personality. This is someone ready to do nearly anything to avoid 
conflict, keeping the peace whenever possible


The sign of Libra is an Air sign, set between Gemini and Aquarius, giving these 
individuals constant mental stimuli, strong intellect and a keen mind. They will 
be inspired by good books, insurmountable discussions and people who have a lot to 
say. Each Libra representative has to be careful when talking to other people, for 
when they are forced to decide about something that is coming their way, or to choose 
sides, they suddenly realize that they might be in the wrong place and surrounded 
by wrong people. No partner should make them forget that they have their own opinion.


Planet ruling the sign of Libra is Venus, making these people great lovers but also 
fond of expensive, material things. Their lives need to be enriched by music, art, 
and beautiful places they get a chance to visit.


Libra – The Measure of Our Souls The shortest myth of them all seems to present a 
good analogy to the shortest constellation in the sky, you might even say that it is 
non-existent, presented by the pliers of Scorpio. Libra is one dot of balance in the 
sea of different extremes, manifested only through the fifteenth degree of this 
magnificent sign, an object among animals and people. There is something awfully 
insecure about Libra, as if they were unsure which plate to burden next, aware that 
things pass and teach us to be careful around other people. Whatever we do in our 
lifetimes, only serves to point the way for our Souls towards that “higher power” to 
finally measure our existence. Telling us where we went wrong or what we did right,
 Libras unconsciously teach us that true liberation hides in lightness.